Document `table_changes` Iceberg table function (#21406)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/iceberg.md

The connector supports {doc}`/admin/fault-tolerant-execution` of query
processing. Read and write operations are both supported with any retry policy.

## Table functions

The connector provides the following table functions:

### table_changes

Allows reading row-level changes between two versions of a Iceberg table. 
This is how these changes can be read:

```sql
SELECT
  *
FROM
  TABLE(
    system.table_changes(

>       "SCHEMA" => 'default',

Author: `SCHEMA` and `TABLE` are reserved words, so we'll have to quote them to avoid unwanted sql syntax issues.

cc @martint

Reviewer: Thats kinda bad .. why did those parameters not use the same approach as in https://trino.io/docs/current/connector/iceberg.html#migrate-table

so schema_name
and table_name

and also stick with lower case parameter names

Reviewer: could we maybe fix the implementation ?

Author: https://github.com/trinodb/trino/pull/21698 fixes the issue. 

Thank you @ebyhr 

Reviving this PR

The connector supports {doc}`/admin/fault-tolerant-execution` of query
processing. Read and write operations are both supported with any retry policy.

## Table functions

> The connector provides the following table functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The connector supports the table functions described in the following sections.
```

### table_changes

Allows reading row-level changes between two versions of an Iceberg table. 

> This is how these changes can be read:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following query shows an example of displaying the changes of the `t1` table in the `default` schema in the current catalog. All changes between the start and end snapshots are returned.
```

```sql
SELECT
  *
FROM
  TABLE(
    system.table_changes(
      schema_name => 'default',
      table_name => 't1',
      start_snapshot_id => 6541165659943306573,
      end_snapshot_id => 6745790645714043599
    )
  );
```

> `schema_name` - type `VARCHAR`, required, name of the schema for which the function is called

Reviewer: I think we can leave the type out for all these parameters. Also maybe use the same list layout as in the following section.

`table_name` - type `VARCHAR`, required, name of the table for which the function is called

> `start_snapshot_id` - type `BIGINT`, required, the identifier of the exclusive starting snapshot

Reviewer: maybe we should link to a section how to find out the snapshot ids

`end_snapshot_id` - type `BIGINT`, required, the identifier of the inclusive end snapshot

> In addition to returning the columns present in the table, the function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function returns the columns present in the table, and the following values for each  change request:
```

> returns the following values for each change event:

Reviewer: remove

- `_change_type`

>   : Gives the type of change that occurred. Possible values are `insert` and `delete`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  : The type of change that occurred. Possible values are `insert` and `delete`.
```

- `_change_version_id`

>   : Shows the identifier of the snapshot in which the table occurred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  : The identifier of the snapshot in which the change occurred.
```

- `_change_timestamp`

>   : Represents the timestamp for the snapshot became active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  : Timestamp for the moment when the snapshot became active.
```

- `_change_ordinal`

>   : Represents the order of the changes. Can be used for sorting the results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  : Order number of the change, useful for sorting the results.
```

> This is how the `table_changes` table function would be used:

Reviewer: Just add

**Example**

instead

> Create table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a table:
```

```
CREATE TABLE test_schema.pages (page_url VARCHAR, domain VARCHAR, views INTEGER);
```

> Insert data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Insert some data:
```

```
INSERT INTO test_schema.pages
    VALUES
        ('url1', 'domain1', 1),
        ('url2', 'domain2', 2),

>         ('url3', 'domain1', 3);

Reviewer: are the domain values here and below different on purpose?

Author: the `page_url` & `domain` are supposed to be the primary key so to say of the table that can be used in downstream processes to identify the history of changes performed on a tuple.

Note that the same example slightly adapted is employed in Trino Delta Lake connector as well.

INSERT INTO test_schema.pages
    VALUES
        ('url4', 'domain1', 400),
        ('url5', 'domain2', 500),
        ('url6', 'domain3', 2);
```

> Retrieve the snapshots of the table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieve the snapshot identifiers of the changes:
```

```
SELECT 
    snapshot_id,
    parent_id, 
    operation 
FROM test_schema."pages$snapshots";
```

```text
     snapshot_id     |      parent_id      | operation 
---------------------+---------------------+-----------
 2009020668682716382 |                NULL | append    
 2135434251890923160 | 2009020668682716382 | append    
 3108755571950643966 | 2135434251890923160 | append    
(3 rows)

```

> Select changes performed in the previously-mentioned `INSERT` statements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the changes performed in the previously-mentioned `INSERT` statements:
```
